doc/help.md, before:

# gmc

## Keyboard Shortcuts

Some useful keyboard shortcuts are:

| Key        | Description                                     |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------|
| M          | Shows the main menu with all available commands |
| RightArrow | Shows menu to show and switch branch            |
| LeftArrow  | Show menu to hide branches                      |
| Esc        | Close a menu or a dialog                        |
| Esc        | Quit the application in repo view               |
| Tab        | Switch between repo and commit details views    |
|            |                                                 |
| C          | Shows the commit dialog                         |
| D          | Shows the commit diff view in repo and commit   |
| Ctrl+D     | Shows the commit diff in commit dialog          |
| Enter      | Shows commit details                            |
| Ctrl+O     | To trigger click on 'OK' buttons in dialogs     |

More shortcut keys are available and and mentioned in the
menus.

Commit message:

Adjust how more branches indikators are shown

doc/help.md, after:

# gmc Help

## Keyboard Shortcuts

Some useful keyboard shortcuts are:

| Key        | Description                                     |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------|
| M          | Shows the main menu with all available commands |
| RightArrow | Shows menu to show and switch branch            |
| LeftArrow  | Show menu to hide branches                      |
| Esc        | Close a menu or a dialog                        |
| Esc        | Quit the application in repo view               |
| Tab        | Switch between repo and commit details views    |
|            |                                                 |
| C          | Shows the commit dialog                         |
| D          | Shows the commit diff view in repo and commit   |
| Ctrl+D     | Shows the commit diff in commit dialog          |
| Enter      | Shows commit details                            |
| Ctrl+O     | To trigger click on 'OK' buttons in dialogs     |

More shortcut keys are available and and mentioned in the
menus.

## Branches Graph

The branches graph on the left side visualizes the selected
branches. More or less branches can be selected by using the
menus ('`M`', `RightArrow` or `LeftArrow`) or clicking in the
graph.

The gray '`╮`' and '`╯`' indicators right of a branch indicates
where, currently not shown branches, merge in or branch out
of the branch with left of these indicators.
